HDDS-13707. Update docker quick start section in README (#9080)
apache/ozone: README.md

## Quick start

> ### Run Ozone from Docker Compose

Reviewer: Its running from docker image only but it uses the tool Docker Compose. So I suggest title something like
`Run Ozone with Docker Compos`

> The easiest way to start a cluster with docker is to use docker compose:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The easiest way to start a cluster with docker is by using Docker Compose:
```

- Obtain Ozone’s sample Docker Compose configuration:
```bash
curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/apache/ozone-docker/refs/heads/latest/docker-compose.yaml
```

> - Start the cluster

Reviewer: Its better to mention the use of environment variable OZONE_REPLICATION_FACTOR here. If you want to bring cluster with replication factor 3 we may need to do
OZONE_REPLICATION_FACTOR=3 , docker compose up -d --scale datanode=3

Author: @priyeshkaratha thanks for review, will update accordingly. Was following the documentation we've on https://ozone.apache.org/docs/edge/start/startfromdockerhub.html.
Shall we update there as well to include reference for `OZONE_REPLICATION_FACTOR` env variable?

<img width="828" height="273" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6142c149-c6e0-4aee-98d9-e537742fa460" />
